Update for per-item privacy policy. (#7446)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/webstore/cws-dashboard-privacy/index.md

{% Img src="image/SHhb2PDKzXTggPGAYpv8JgR81pX2/PwmNuP356TsVi80bxWAj.png",
  alt="Screenshot of data use certification fields", width="800", height="495" %}

## Set a privacy policy {: #set-privacy-policy }

> Add a link to the privacy policy for all your extensions. The policy should include how data is collected, used, and disclosed. See the [User Data FAQ][user-data] for more details.

Reviewer: This wording sounds a bit strange, since you are editing the information for one item on the privacy tab.

I would say something like: "Add a link to the privacy policy of your extension"

> Add a link to the privacy policy for all your extensions. The policy should include how data is collected, used, and disclosed. See the [User Data FAQ][user-data] for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
Add a link to the privacy policy for your extension. The policy should include how data is collected, used, and disclosed. See the [User Data FAQ][user-data] for details.
```
